We are focusing on the D of the CRUD functions, the Delete.
Many applications are historical and don't allow deletion of data,
thus making the delete functions the least used of the API.
Although it is quite simple with both,
we will look at a JdbcTemplate and a
NamedParameterJdbcTemplate to delete records from the database.
As with other modules, this demo will be broken into multiple parts.
We are going to start off with deleting a record using just the JdbcTemplate,
which is very similar to what we've done with other
demos using the Update method.
After that we're going to explore using a named parameters.
Named parameters aren't just for deleting,
but we're going to show how you do that while using
a NamedParameterJdbcTemplate.
As mentioned before, the delete is quite simple for us to complete,
especially having done all of the other CRUD functions in our application.
It is executed using the Update method of the jdbcTemplate,
SQL and the other values being passed in using var args.
To complete this demo, we will add this code into our repository,
a call in our service tier and then the method in our
controller and a test to call it. Let's try this now.